Grandpa
Grandma, I thought I'd never see you again
God will surely bless you
What about Xuanxuan? Mei Xuan is out on errands
How are you feeling, Mrs Liu?
I feel okay.
I just have a little pain in my waist.
Your waist injury is serious.
It may affect fertility in the future
He will also need to be hospitalized for observation for a period of time
See if there are any complications
What does it mean to affect fertility?
We have already told Mr. Liu about this.
Future pregnancies may be affected
What sorry
Grandpa Xu Jun also said
It doesn't matter whether the child is born or not
You relax
Grandma is going to buy you food
Is everything okay?
Wenming Xuan, let's get a divorce
Why do you suddenly have such a strange idea?
I can't have children.
I can't give you a complete home
I don't care if you can have children or not
Don't think about it.
I firmly disagree with divorce
You stay in the hospital
I'll come up now
Brother, it seems that Mrs. Sister-in-law loves you very much.
Go back to the hospital